Hey. How's
my little buddy doing?
Well, he's still got that goop
in his eye, but otherwise, fine.
I meant Tammy.
I miss her.
Oh, please. You miss her
doing your job for you.
Yeah, exactly.
So when do I get her back?
Sorry, babe, Tammy's really
helping me get things ready
for our grand opening.Isn't she a beaut?
Hold on a second, Bon...
Hey, really nice.
I'll be in the men's room.
Good choice.Oh, hey.
You looking for high arc,
low arc, straight shot?
Your call.
He trusts me. Sweet!
Oh, my God, you've got her
installing toilets?
That's so degrading.
Yeah. What do youneed her for?
Installing a toilet.
Love you. Bye.
If my fiancé didn't have
oral sex down to a science
I would've left him
a long time ago.
So, this is
my mother, Bonnie.
Mom, this is Stacy.Hi.
Nice to meet you. Ooh, I should
probably wash my hands first.
I've been pulling rats
out of traps all morning.
We're studying, Mom.Got it.
Hey, Stacy, is that
your motorcycle out front?
No.It's really cool.
Sweet shade of blue,
real vintage-y vibe.
Still not hers, Mom.
Good. 'Cause I was gonna say,
you're a little small
for a big bike like that.
She drives a Prius, Mom.
Prius, huh? Do strangers
just hop into your back seat
thinking you're an Uber driver?
'Cause on the news,
they say that happens a lot.Mom!
Christy!
[sighs]:
Sorry.
It's okay. I have
one of those, too.
Oh, you don't have one of those.
No one's got one of those.
Do you listen to that podcast,
The Mother of All Problems?
No. What is it?This woman tells
these crazy-ass stories
about her mother.
It'll make you grateful
for the mom you have.
BONNIE: Christy!
I'm stranded on the bowl!
Need another roll!
Oh, I love it when this happens.
Sometimes I get a whole hour.
[upbeat music plays]
WOMAN:
Hey, listeners.
Welcome to my podcast,
The Mother of All Problems.
I'm your host, Violet.
Violet? My Violet?
The holidays are
around the corner,
so great time
to dive into horror stories
about growing up
with a drunken stripper
who I unfortunately
had to call Mommy.
Wait, I'mthe Mother
of All Problems?!
♪
So, when does
Adam's bar open?
One week from today.
I can't believe our dream
is finally coming true.
Wait a minute--
your dream?
You've been complaining
since he bought it.
That's not how I remember it.
You said Adam has
no experience,
no business plan, and I
quote, "He's so stupid,
I can't believe
how stupid he is."
I said, "That's not
how I remember it."
My daughter has a podcast
about what
a terrible mother I am.
[laughing]JILL:
Oh, my God.
Sorry. Mm-mmm.
Tell us everything.
Well, I was bitching
to my study partner
about what
a horrible mom you are,
and she told me about this
podcast that would cheer me up.
It did not.
Violet never
mentioned it to you?
We haven't spoken
in over a year.
She asked for space,
and, being the healthy mother
in recovery that I am,
I knew it was important
to respect her wishes.
And she changed her number.
How bad is it?
Really bad.
Couldn't be worse.
She tells the truth.
[laughing]
What? The irony of this
is delicious.
VIOLET:
I remember this one night
my mom barged into my room,
drunk off her ass,
and started yelling at me
for stealing her car.
Turned out she left the car
at a 7-Eleven,
which I figured out
while cleaning up the Slurpee
she threw up in my closet.
Wild cherry,
if anyone was wondering.
So, cheer up,
Lisa from Portland,
your mom's minivan
getting repossessed
might be a good thing.
Our next e-mail isTurn it off.
from Dan in Tex...
I have to move.
Are they sending people
to Mars yet?
Honey, I know
this is hard.
I remember how
humiliating it was
when my son
brought a picture of me
to school
for show and tell.
What's wrong with that?
It was my mug shot.
Okay, that's bad.
But Violet is telling
thousands of people
every awful thing I ever did.
Hundreds of thousands.
Wendy!Wendy!
Wendy!
The episodes have
clever titles.
Let's listen to "Jell-O Shots
and the Truth About Santa."
That's enough.
We're done listening.
Thanks.JILL:
Ooh! There's one called
"My Grandmother,
the Life Preserver."
Well, maybe we have time
for one more.
No. Please don't tell
the school bus story.
Not true!
Only one of my boobs popped out!
Still going, huh?
I can't stop.
I keep thinking,
"Maybe in the next episode
she'll say something nice."
Quit torturing yourself.
Easy for you to say-- she
calls you the Life Preserver.
I know. It's so sweet.
Adorable. I just wish Violet
would hate me to my face
and stop venting
for the world to hear.
Look, you've got two choices.
You can either keep
listening to the podcast
and feel for yourself, or
you could just call her.
You're right.
Okay, you have
one choice.
How can I call her?
I don't even have her number.
She changed it, because--
in case you forgot--
I am the Mother of All Problems.
I have her number.What?
Well, it's not called The
Grandmother of All Problems.
In fact, you should
call her from my phone.
That way she'll answer.
God, you're shady.What are you waiting for?
I need to figure out
what I'm gonna say first.
Don't think about it.
Just speak from your heart.
Also, it's ringing.
[groans]
Oh, good. Voice mail.
Just don't do that weird thing
you always do.
What weird thing?
Hi! Violet!
It's me, your mom.
Uh...
so, doot-dah-doo...
That's the weird thing.
So, heard your podcast.
Would love to chitty-chat
about that.
Or anything.
[chuckles]
I haven't talked to you
in such a long time.
Of course, I'm not the one
who changed her number.
But not pointing fingers.
Doot-dah-doo.
Hey, good news.
I'm in law school now.
[chuckles]
Yep. Learnin' about torts.
Turns out
they're not just dessert.
Wrap it up.
Okay, well, uh...
it's me, your mom, Christy.
End of voice mail.
Boy, I was wrong-- you should
have thought about it first.
Wow!
[gasps]
This place looks fantastic!
It's even better
than we dreamed it.
[slurring]:
I made a huge mistake.
Well, I'm not
giving the ring back.
The bar.
This is never
gonna work, lady.
What happened here?
I was picking beers.
By drinking them.
So many people are gonna
have to come in this place
and spend so much money
for this joint to work.
This chair...
has to bring in a
thousand dollars a week,
and-and this chair
and this chair...
and nobody's gonna want
to sit in that chair,
'cause it's right under
the air conditioning.
Aw, honey,
I think you're just having
a case of pre-opening jitters.
Completely normal.
I have no experience,
and I spent all of my money.
Why would I do that?
Well, that's exactly what...
Okay.
When I asked you
that very question,
you confidently replied
that you have a dream
that's important to you,
and you want to feel like
your life has purpose again.
"Purpose" sounds like
"porpoise."
[footsteps approaching]
Hey, boss,
your coasters just arrived.
Ugh. I bought 10,000 of 'em--
10,000!
The delivery guy
needs a check, so...Not now!
Oh. Family drama.
I'll go flirt with him.
Do you know how many
drinks I have to sell
to use 10,000 coasters?
Ten thousand?
I don't know, maybe.
Look at me.
Adam, look at me.
You have overcome
far bigger obstacles
than opening a bar.
You were a successful
Hollywood stuntman.
How many people can say that?
You fought your way back
from a terrible accident.
How many people
can say that?
You are in a successful
relationship with me,
and I can tell you, no one
has ever been able to say that.
I hired waitresses.
I hired a bartender.
They're gonna want to
be paid-- with money.
You're gonna make it work,
and you're not
gonna do it alone.
I know.
I hired waitresses.
I hired a bartender. I...Now...
zip, zip, zip it.
The point is this bar
is gonna be a huge success.
It's gonna blow up!
Yes. We could blow it up and
collect the insurance money.
[groans]:
That's ridiculous.
It's also much more
difficult than you think.
Okay, State of Washington
v. International Shoe.Go.
Stacy.
I wasn't gonna say anything,
but I know who you are.
You're the Mother
of All Problems.
[quietly]:
Son of a bitch.
How'd you find out?
I guess you haven't listened
to today's podcast.
VIOLET:
So, my mom left me a voice mail.
I can't tell if it's sincere
or deeply manipulative.
So you decide.
Oh, no.
CHRISTY:
Hi! Violet!
It's me, your mom.
So, um...
doot-dah-doo...
Turn it off.
I... know this may not be
the best time to ask,
but did you really take her
to a birthday party
and not come back for two days?
Yes. But the family
I left her with
gave her sushi for the
first time that weekend.
Does she mention that?
I'm asking. Does
she mention that?
[door closes in distance]Sorry.
Wow. Stacy. Well,
I got to tell you, you're back
and the motorcycle's back.
If it's really not yours,
somebody's following you.
Oh, my God,
you're the Life Preserver.
Yes, I am.
Would you like a picture?
Yes.
Honey, do you mind?
[sighs]
Scrunch together.
I thought I was leaving
that voice mail for one person,
not everyone in the world.
I have a question.
What's "doot-dah-doo"?
Not now, Jill.
I thought when I got sober
all this stuff
with Violet would get better.
Well, you'vegotten better.
You're not who you were,
and that's a big deal.
I just wish she could see that.
You should tell her.
But in person.
Doot-dah-do not
leave another message.
What do you think, Marjorie?
I might be
the wrong person to ask.
I don't have a relationship
with my son.
So all I can do is focus
on my sobriety
and hope that one day
he'll forgive me.
Oh, poo to that.
My mom died before we were able
to figure out our stuff.
Don't wait.
You could die, Christy.
And call your son, 'cause you're
definitely gonna die before her.
New bar opening this Friday.
Free wings with this flyer.
New bar. Free wings.
Flyer. Free.
Wings. New.
Where have you been?
Trying to make sure
Adam doesn't go broke
because of his stupid idea.
But you said it was
a dream you shared.
[groans]
Not how I remember it.
You are each responsible
for bringing ten people
to the opening.
So, what'd I miss?
My death is imminent.
Jill and Wendy think
I should go see Violet.
I agree.Even if I wanted to,
I don't know where she lives.
I do. I mean, I could
probably figure it out.
Okay, I've been there.
This is the part
where you knock.
I'm too nervous.
You do it.
What the hell was that?
I don't know.
You made me overthink it.
Hi, Grandma.Violet. Mm!
Hi, Violet.Hi.
You weren't supposed to
tell her where I live.
I'm sorry, but I was caught
in the middle,
and my instinct
is always to heal.
It's not Grandma's fault.
I made her tell me.
Well, you're here,
so... come on in.
Ah. Oh, this is a great setup.
Luke must be doing well.
Actually, Mom, Luke isn't
in the picture anymore.
But thank you for assuming
I couldn't pull this off
on my own.
Strike one.You're doing great.
So...
you are obviously here
to talk about the podcast.
Yes, I am.
So...?
So...
I know you had
a difficult childhood,
and I'm glad you found a way
to process it.
I don't really need
your approval, but okay.
Here's the thing
you need to know.[crunching]
What? You know
I love pretzels.
The person you've
been talking about
isn't who I am anymore.
I've changed.
[muffled]:
It's true, she has.
But the podcast is about being
raised by an alcoholic mother,
which I was--
the damage is already done.
She's got you there.
Well...
can you at least tell
your listeners I'm sober now
and trying to clean up
the mess I made?
I got to say, that
seems reasonable.
Okay.
Thank you.
Put these on,
talk into this,
and if you're chewing
any gum, spit it out.
What's happening?
We're doing a podcast.
If you want people to hear
your side, tell them.
Oh. You can't just
do an episode called
"My Mom's
Doin' Good Now"?No.
Wait. This is all you need,
and you make money from it?
Not a ton, but yeah.
I am definitely
starting a podcast.
Sober woman marrying
a guy in a wheelchair,
sing a couple of songs--
something for everybody.
And here we... go.
I'm not ready.It's okay.
Take your time.
Three, two, one.
Hello, people.
While I was deciding whether
or not to talk to my mom,
she took that choice away
from me by showing up.
So now here she is
with her side.
That's you.
You're her mom.
Um, okay.
Hello.
I, uh, I'm Christie,
and, um...
I'm Violet's, um, mom,
Wait, I said "um" too much.
Can we start it again?
No.
Okay. Um...
Well, I guess
if I'm gonna tell my side,
I should start at the beginning.
I was conceived in a van.
Well, technically,
it was a minibus,
and it was way more
normal for people
to have sex in
vehicles back then.
Also, this is Life Preserver.
Hello to all my fans.
I'm actually sponsoring
three women.
They call me with their
problems, and I help them.
So what I'm trying
to say is yes,
all those horrible stories
you've told about me are true.
But... nowadays,
my idea of a good time
is hitting a meeting and going
to coffee with my friends.
I've changed.
If I say I'm gonna
be somewhere, I'm there.
I pay my bills.
I keep my promises.
That's who I am now.
Anyway...
that's my side.
Thanks for letting me tell it.
First, I want to say, um...
you sound really good.
Clearly, you've done
a lot of work on yourself,
and I'm happy for you.
Thanks.
But here's the thing.
I missed out on being a child.
When most kids were
just showing up to school
and focusing on algebra,
I was always worried
about what was going on at home.
I could never
bring friends over,
because I didn't know
what we would be walking into.
When I should have
just been going to ballet
and Rollerblading,
I was the one that was home
cleaning the house
and cooking dinner and
making sure that bills got paid.
I would see you passed out
on the couch
and not even know
if you were gonna wake up.
I worried about stuff
that no kid should
ever have to worry about.
Violet, I am so sorry.
I wish I could go back in time
and be the mother you deserved.
I wish that, too.
What do you say
we build from here?
I really want to be
in your life.
Actually, it's been really good
not having you in my life.
I'm finally in a healthy place
right now, and I think
that what would be best for me
is to not
have a relationship with you.
[softly]:
Oh.
But thank you so much
for coming on the podcast.
Okay.
Seriously,
thank you for doing that.
It's actually gonna be
a really good episode.
So we're done?
Yeah. It was great
to see you, Grandma.
It's great to see
you, too, sweetie.
Bye, Mom.
Bye.
You okay?Mm.
[sighs]:
Mm.
[both sigh]
I know that's...
not how you wanted that
to go down, but...
remember...
five years ago,
this right here wouldn't
have been possible.
♪
I'm sure you'd
rather be at home
curled up in the
fetal position,
watching The Real
Housewives of...
somewhere...
but it means a lot to me
that you showed up.
It's okay. Kind of
like the old days,
only now I'm drowning
my sorrows in hot wings.[chuckles]
And these are hot.Yeah.
I actually can't
feel my lips.
You know...
the podcast
hasn't aired yet.
I could break into
Violet's apartment,
destroy the tapes--
problem solved.
First of all,
no one uses tapes anymore.
And also, I don't want
to destroy the podcast.
It's helping her.
And probably other people.
Ah, look at you, eating chicken
and taking the high road.
You know...
all of this has made me realize
I owe you an apology.
Awesome.
Why?
Because I focused too much
on who you were
and not enough on the person
you've become. I'm sorry.
Aw. Thank you.
So from here on out,
I promise I will
only get mad at you
for the things you do
in the present.
And I promise to give you
plenty to work with.
Hey.
You use the urinal?
Yeah.
Were you happy
with the trajectory?
I guess.
Hot guy says yes.
There he is,
Mr. Successful Bar Owner.
Oh, you must be thrilled.
Look at all the people.
Yeah, yeah, big turnout.
I did that.
Yes, you did.
You brought
75 sober people to a bar.
I'm running out of Diet Coke.
Also, next time you
promise everyone free wings,
don't do that.
Hey, congratulations.
Yeah, this place
is so cute.
Thanks.
What can I get you ladies?
An iced tea.
Me too.Cranberry juice.
I don't have an infection.
I just like it.
I sunk my life savings
into a lemonade stand.
Okay, so, a guy
asked me for my number.
I have a date. Or he wants me
to do work on his house.
But either way, yay!
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org